README.md, before:

# [Full-Stack Web Application]

## ReactJS / NextJS / ThreeJS Game Prototype [2023]

This repository contains prototype of a simple 3D game based on the ThreeJS.

![Preview](/git/preview.jpg)

| Legend: | 🐲 Front-End (client) |     | 🌐 Back-End (server) |
| ------ | --------------------- | --- | -------------------- |

## Releases:

<details>
<summary>v0.1.2 - Prototype (2023-04-30)</summary>

### Bug fixes:

- 🐲 Moved canvas objects from the game store to React references

### New features:

- 🐲 Target at the user interface

</details>

<details>
<summary>v0.1.1 - Prototype (2023-04-29)</summary>

### Bug fixes:

- 🐲 Restructured the project
- 🐲 Optimized Zustand stores
- 🐲 Removed unused cannon physics engine
- 🐲 Refactores stores
- 🐲 Isolated rogue model from hero component
- 🐲 Entity manager moved to app store

### New features:

- 🐲 Scene loading indicator
- 🐲 Each unit has YukaJS vehicle
</details>

<details>
<summary>v0.1.0 - Prototype (before 2023-04-24)</summary>

### New features:

- 🐲 Initialized UI prototype - ReactJS
- 🐲 Prepared a simply 3D scene - ThreeJS, ReactThree
- 🐲 Included path finding movement system - YukaJS
- 🐲 Initialized units store - Zustand
- 🐲 Started auto-targeting system
- 🌐 Initialized backend server - NestJS, SocketIO

</details>

## References:

[GLTF/GLB to JSX](https://github.com/pmndrs/gltfjsx)

`npx gltfjsx model.glb --transform`

---

## Main technologies:

🐲 **ReactJS** - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

🐲 **NextJS** - Next.js is a React framework that gives you building blocks to create web applications. By framework, we mean Next.js handles the tooling and configuration needed for React, and provides additional structure, features, and optimizations for your application.

🐲 **ThreeJS** - Cross-browser JavaScript library and application programming interface (API) used to create and display animated 3D computer graphics in a web browser using WebGL.

🐲 **React-three/fiber** - React renderer for three.js.

🐲 **React-three/drei** - A growing collection of useful helpers and fully functional, ready-made abstractions for @react-three/fiber.

🐲 **React-three/postprocessing** - Postprocessing wrapper for @react-three/fiber.

🐲 **Yuka** - A JavaScript library for developing Game AI.

🐲 **Zustand** - A small, fast and scalable bearbones state-management solution using simplified flux principles.

🌐 **NestJS** - A progressive Node.js framework for building efficient, reliable and scalable server-side applications.

🌐 **SocketIO** - Bidirectional and low-latency communication for every platform.

🌐 **NodeJS** - An open-source, cross-platform JavaScript runtime environment.

## Planned technologies for a next steps:

SocketIO; NodeJS; ExpressJS; Prisma; tRPC; MongoDB; Bun;

Commit message:

General: Selection ring & selected unit at UI & navigation mesh at the game store & fixed the position of each unit at the units store & creep unit follows the player unit

README.md, after:

# [Full-Stack Web Application]

## ReactJS / NextJS / ThreeJS Game Prototype [2023]

This repository contains prototype of a simple 3D game based on the ThreeJS.

![Preview](/git/preview.jpg)

| Legend: | 🐲 Front-End (client) |     | 🌐 Back-End (server) |
| ------- | --------------------- | --- | -------------------- |

## Releases:

<details>
<summary>v0.1.2 - Prototype (2023-04-30)</summary>

### Bug fixes:

- 🐲 Moved canvas objects from the game store to React references
- 🐲 The NavMesh is stored at the game store
- 🐲 The position of each unit is updated at the units store

### New features:

- 🐲 The user interface shows the selected unit's stats
- 🐲 Green ring around the selected unit
- 🐲 Creep unit follows the player unit up to the attack range

</details>

<details>
<summary>v0.1.1 - Prototype (2023-04-29)</summary>

### Bug fixes:

- 🐲 Restructured the project
- 🐲 Optimized Zustand stores
- 🐲 Removed unused cannon physics engine
- 🐲 Refactores stores
- 🐲 Isolated rogue model from hero component
- 🐲 Entity manager moved to app store

### New features:

- 🐲 Scene loading indicator
- 🐲 Each unit has YukaJS vehicle
</details>

<details>
<summary>v0.1.0 - Prototype (before 2023-04-24)</summary>

### New features:

- 🐲 Initialized UI prototype - ReactJS
- 🐲 Prepared a simply 3D scene - ThreeJS, ReactThree
- 🐲 Included path finding movement system - YukaJS
- 🐲 Initialized units store - Zustand
- 🐲 Started auto-targeting system
- 🌐 Initialized backend server - NestJS, SocketIO

</details>

## References:

[GLTF/GLB to JSX](https://github.com/pmndrs/gltfjsx)

`npx gltfjsx model.glb --transform`

---

## Main technologies:

🐲 **ReactJS** - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

🐲 **NextJS** - Next.js is a React framework that gives you building blocks to create web applications. By framework, we mean Next.js handles the tooling and configuration needed for React, and provides additional structure, features, and optimizations for your application.

🐲 **ThreeJS** - Cross-browser JavaScript library and application programming interface (API) used to create and display animated 3D computer graphics in a web browser using WebGL.

🐲 **React-three/fiber** - React renderer for three.js.

🐲 **React-three/drei** - A growing collection of useful helpers and fully functional, ready-made abstractions for @react-three/fiber.

🐲 **React-three/postprocessing** - Postprocessing wrapper for @react-three/fiber.

🐲 **Yuka** - A JavaScript library for developing Game AI.

🐲 **Zustand** - A small, fast and scalable bearbones state-management solution using simplified flux principles.

🌐 **NestJS** - A progressive Node.js framework for building efficient, reliable and scalable server-side applications.

🌐 **SocketIO** - Bidirectional and low-latency communication for every platform.

🌐 **NodeJS** - An open-source, cross-platform JavaScript runtime environment.

## Planned technologies for a next steps:

SocketIO; NodeJS; ExpressJS; Prisma; tRPC; MongoDB; Bun;
